README.md, before:

# Regio Helden Test

This repository contains a django test project with the following characteristics:

 - Admin users can manage CRUD Users, who will be called customers.
 - Customers have a First Name, Last Name and IBAN (standarized bank account number).
 - Admins of the app should authenticate using a Google account.
 - Admins should be able to create, read, update and delete customers.
 - Admins can only manipulate customers they created.

### Used technologies and python dependencies

 - Python 3.5
 - Postgresql 9.5
 - [Django](https://github.com/django/django)
 - [Psycopg2](https://github.com/psycopg/psycopg2)
 - [Python Social Auth](https://github.com/omab/python-social-auth)
 - [Django Iban Field](https://github.com/Chedi/django-iban-field)
 - [Django Dynamic Fixture](https://github.com/paulocheque/django-dynamic-fixture)
 - [Django Suit](https://github.com/darklow/django-suit)

For the exact versions check the [requirements.txt](https://github.com/dschurholz/regio-helden-test/blob/master/requirements.txt) file

## Installing Regio Helden Test

Some requirements before installing regio-helden-test:

Install Postgresql and create database regioheldentest

To Install regio-helden-test we need to create a virtualenv:

if we have not installed virtualenv:

    $ sudo apt-get install python-virtualenv

then we need to run (note that we are using python 3):

    $ virtualenv regio-helden-test -p /usr/bin/python3
    $ cd regio-helden-test

and we are ready to clone the repo:

    $ git clone git@github.com:dschurholz/regio-helden-test.git
    $ cd regio-helden-test

Once on regio-helden-test directory, we need to run

    $ source ../bin/activate

or if we have on regio-helden-test directory

    $ source bin/activate

and to install all the project's dependencies:

    $ pip install -r requirements.txt

Before starting to run the project, we need to set up the settings, execute:

    $ cd regio-helden-test/RegioHeldenTest
    $ cp local_settings.py.example local_settings.py

and change database default settings to your settings in the local_settings.py file.

Then you are ready to run

    $ ./manage.py migrate
    $ ./manage.py runserver

to test you can got to [http://localhost:8000/admin](http://localhost:8000/admin)

## Testing

To run the test suite, please use the following command, from the project root directory:

    $ ./manage.py test --settings=RegioHeldenTest.test_settings

## Running the testing environment with vagrant

To intall the vagrant machine go to the vagrant directory and execute:

    $ vagrant up

when the configuration finishes, run the shell script with the test command:

    $ sh run_tests.sh

Commit message:

Updating README file for run commands.

README.md, after:

# Regio Helden Test

This repository contains a django test project with the following characteristics:

 - Admin users can manage CRUD Users, who will be called customers.
 - Customers have a First Name, Last Name and IBAN (standarized bank account number).
 - Admins of the app should authenticate using a Google account.
 - Admins should be able to create, read, update and delete customers.
 - Admins can only manipulate customers they created.

### Used technologies and python dependencies

 - Python 3.5
 - Postgresql 9.5
 - [Django](https://github.com/django/django)
 - [Psycopg2](https://github.com/psycopg/psycopg2)
 - [Python Social Auth](https://github.com/omab/python-social-auth)
 - [Django Iban Field](https://github.com/Chedi/django-iban-field)
 - [Django Dynamic Fixture](https://github.com/paulocheque/django-dynamic-fixture)
 - [Django Suit](https://github.com/darklow/django-suit)

For the exact versions check the [requirements.txt](https://github.com/dschurholz/regio-helden-test/blob/master/requirements.txt) file

## Installing Regio Helden Test

Some requirements before installing regio-helden-test:

Install Postgresql and create database regioheldentest

To Install regio-helden-test we need to create a virtualenv:

if we have not installed virtualenv:

    $ sudo apt-get install python-virtualenv

then we need to run (note that we are using python 3):

    $ virtualenv regio-helden-test -p /usr/bin/python3
    $ cd regio-helden-test

and we are ready to clone the repo:

    $ git clone git@github.com:dschurholz/regio-helden-test.git
    $ cd regio-helden-test

Once on regio-helden-test directory, we need to run

    $ source ../bin/activate

or if we have on regio-helden-test directory

    $ source bin/activate

and to install all the project's dependencies:

    $ pip install -r requirements.txt

Before starting to run the project, we need to set up the settings, execute:

    $ cd regio-helden-test/RegioHeldenTest
    $ cp local_settings.py.example local_settings.py

and change database default settings to your settings in the local_settings.py file.

Then you are ready to run

    $ ./manage.py migrate
    $ ./manage.py runserver

to test you can got to [http://localhost:8000/admin](http://localhost:8000/admin)

## Testing

To run the test suite, please use the following command, from the project root directory:

    $ ./manage.py test --settings=RegioHeldenTest.test_settings

## Running the testing environment with vagrant

To intall the vagrant machine go to the vagrant directory and execute:

    $ vagrant up

when the configuration finishes, run the shell script with the following commands:

    $ sh run.sh -[s|d|r|l|t|h]

Options for the RegioHeldenTest program:
 - `s: Start a new screen process with django runserver on port 8000.`
 - `d: Stop the django runserver screen process and remove dead processes.`
 - `r: Reload the django runserver screen process (same as start/stop).`
 - `l: Check the status of the screen processes.`
 - `t: Execute the django test suite.`
 - `h: Help.`
